#CreatureAllSurvivors

tagSurvivorGuardGenericRangedA01=Survivor ~ Scout
tagSurvivorGuardGenericRangedB01=Survivor ~ Skirmisher
tagSurvivorGuardGenericMeleeA01=Survivor ~ Defender
tagSurvivorGuardGenericMeleeB01=Survivor ~ Guardian

tagHumanRover_GuardGeneric_MeleeA01=Rover Enforcer


#CreatureAetherial

tagAetherCrystalA01=Aether Crystal
tagAnomalyB01=Warp Elemental
tagWindDevil_PoisonA01=Poison Wind Devil

tagEnemyPossessedA01=Possessed Noble
tagEnemyPossessedB01=Possessed Spellbinder
tagEnemyPossessedC01=Possessed Warlock

tagEnemyAetherialA01=Aetherial Watcher
tagEnemyAetherialB01=Aetherial Wraith
tagEnemyAetherialC01=Aetherial Spectre

tagAetherialPhantomHeroH01=Aetherblaze
tagAetherialPhantomHeroH02=Corpus ~ Supporter
tagAetherialPhantomHeroH03=Espiris ~ Regenerator

#CreatureBoar

tagEnemyBoarA01=Stonetusk
tagEnemyBoarA02=Gargantuan Stonetusk
tagEnemyBoarB01=Ironhide Stonetusk

tagBoarHeroH01=Dreadtusk, the Hunter's Bane
tagBoarHeroH02=Ragesnout ~ Swift
tagBoarHeroH03=Hellmane ~ Burning
tagBoarHeroH04=Rotmane~ Diseased


#CreatureBoneRat

tagEnemyBoneRatMeleeA01=Boneback Gnasher
tagEnemyBoneRatRangedA01=Boneback

tagEnemyBoneRatMeleeB01=Rabid Boneback
tagEnemyBoneRatMeleeB02=Boneback Plaguebearer

tagEnemyBoneRatMeleeB02_Summon=Halion's Wittle Rat

tagBoneRatHeroH01=Maledictus
tagBoneRatHeroH02=Razorback
tagBoneRatHeroH03=Rotbite ~ Diseased
tagBoneRatHeroH04=Bilewart ~ Swift
tagBoneRatHeroH05=Rimeclaw ~ Frozen

tagBoneRatMiniBoss01=Grundleplith the Hoarder

#CreatureChthonian

tagEnemyChthonianMinionA01=Chthonian Harbinger
tagEnemyChthonianMinionB01=Chthonian Bloodletter
tagEnemyChthonianMinionC01=Chthonian Blightbringer


tagChthonianMinionHeroH01=Charn'Daroth
tagChthonianMinionHeroH02=Elnar'Daroth
tagChthonianMinionHeroH03=Fos'Daroth
tagChthonianMinionHeroH04=Ordran'Daroth
tagChthonianMinionHeroH05=Pulv'Daroth
tagChthonianMinionHeroH06=Maga'Lugal ~ Defender
tagChthonianMinionHeroH07=Sharanatu ~ Shielded

#CreatureCthonianFiend

tagEnemyVoidFiendA01=Void Fiend
tagEnemyVoidFiendA02=Void Anomaly
tagEnemyVoidFiendC01=Void Abomination

tagVoidFiendHeroH01=Innugaru, Horror of the Void
tagVoidFiendHeroH02=Hiln'Raz, the Dark Omen
tagVoidFiendHeroH03=Sen'Thel Voidbringer
tagVoidFiendHeroH04=Nii'Thel ~ Bruiser
tagVoidFiendHeroH05=Gurgoth'Siin ~ Burning

#CreatureDranghoul

tagEnemyDrangoulWarriorA01=Dranghoul Enforcer
tagEnemyDrangoulWarriorB01=Dranghoul Tyrant

tagDranghoulMiniBoss01=Gutworm, the Maneater

tagDranghoulHeroH01=Ralture, the Untouchable
tagDranghoulHeroH02=Rugaru, the Houndmaster
tagDranghoulHeroH03=Ooglar ~ Unstoppable
tagDranghoulHeroH04=Reeve ~ Burning
tagDranghoulHeroH05=Wovaar ~ Frozen

#CreatureFleshHulk

tagEnemyFleshHulkA01=Flesh Hulk
tagEnemyFleshHulkB01=Ironside Hulk
tagEnemyFleshHulkC01=Rage Hulk

tagFleshHulkHeroH01=Bonebreaker
tagFleshHulkHeroH02=Faldonir Aetherborn
tagFleshHulkHeroH03=Malnotris ~ Unstoppable
tagFleshHulkHeroH04=Festerlis ~ Bruiser

#CreatureGazer

tagEnemyGazerA01=Corruption
tagEnemyGazerB01=Overseer
tagEnemyGazerC01=Overmind

tagGazerHeroH01=Mesmer
tagGazerHeroH02=Bane'Zal, the Hellborn
tagGazerHeroH03=Darlax, Devourer of Dreams
tagGazerHeroH04=Beholdan ~ Reflective
tagGazerHeroH05=Garminix ~ Regenerator
tagGazerHeroH06=Illumin ~ Electrified

#CreatureGhost

tagEnemyGhostA01=Apparition
tagEnemyGhostB01=Haunted Noble
tagEnemyGhostB02=Haunted Champion

tagHeroGhostH01=Lady Valavan, the Wandering Soul
tagHeroGhostH02=Lord Blacktail ~ Reflective
tagHeroGhostH03=Lady Rosenthal ~ Regenerator
tagHeroGhostH04=Stormshriek ~ Electrified
tagHeroGhostH05=Lord Oldrakan ~ Swift

tagGhostBoss01=Baron Wradlith, Lord of the Lost Souls
tagGhostBoss02=Nomos Dred
tagGhostBoss03=Laudos Vagra
tagGhostBoss04=Rhovena Kur
tagGhostBoss05=Alkamos, Lord Executioner

#CreatureGolem

tagEnemyGolemRockA01=Earthen Shambler
tagEnemyGolemRockB01=Mossy Shambler
tagEnemyGolemRockC01=Stonewrought  Shambler
tagEnemyGolemRockMiniBoss01=Ancient Shambler

tagGolemRockHeroH01=Hammerton
tagGolemRockHeroH02=Haldras Flamespitter
tagGolemRockHeroH03=Stoneheart ~ Reflective
tagGolemRockHeroH04=Stonegrinder ~ Charger
tagGolemRockHeroH05=Rimestone ~ Frozen

#CreatureGrobles

tagEnemySnakeClanScavengerA01=Groble ~ Snake Clan Scavenger
tagEnemySnakeClanRangedA01=Groble ~ Snake Clan Tracker
tagEnemySnakeClanWarriorA01=Groble ~ Snake Clan Warrior
tagEnemySnakeClanWarriorB01=Groble ~ Snake Clan Champion

tagEnemySnakeClanShamanA01=Groble ~ Snake Clan Witchdoctor
tagEnemySnakeClanShamanB01=Groble ~ Snake Clan Venomancer

tagEnemySkyClanScavengerA01=Groble ~ Sky Clan Scavenger
tagEnemySkyClanRangedA01=Groble ~ Sky Clan Tracker
tagEnemySkyClanWarriorA01=Groble ~ Sky Clan Warrior
tagEnemySkyClanWarriorB01=Groble ~ Sky Clan Champion

tagEnemySkyClanShamanA01=Groble ~ Sky Clan Witchdoctor
tagEnemySkyClanShamanB01=Groble ~ Sky Clan Stormcaller

tagEnemyStoneClanScavengerA01=Groble ~ Stone Clan Scavenger
tagEnemyStoneClanRangedA01=Groble ~ Stone Clan Tracker
tagEnemyStoneClanWarriorA01=Groble ~ Stone Clan Warrior
tagEnemyStoneClanWarriorB01=Groble ~ Stone Clan Champion

tagEnemyStoneClanShamanA01=Groble ~ Stone Clan Witchdoctor
tagEnemyStoneClanShamanB01=Groble ~ Stone Clan Geomancer

tagEnemyEmberClanScavengerA01=Groble ~ Ember Clan Scavenger
tagEnemyEmberClanRangedA01=Groble ~ Ember Clan Tracker
tagEnemyEmberClanWarriorA01=Groble ~ Ember Clan Warrior
tagEnemyEmberClanWarriorB01=Groble ~ Ember Clan Champion

tagEnemyEmberClanShamanA01=Groble ~ Ember Clan Witchdoctor
tagEnemyEmberClanShamanB01=Groble ~ Ember Clan Pyromancer

tagEnemyDeathClanScavengerA01=Groble ~ Death Clan Scavenger
tagEnemyDeathClanRangedA01=Groble ~ Death Clan Tracker
tagEnemyDeathClanWarriorA01=Groble ~ Death Clan Warrior
tagEnemyDeathClanWarriorB01=Groble ~ Death Clan Champion

tagEnemyDeathClanShamanA01=Groble ~ Death Clan Witchdoctor
tagEnemyDeathClanShamanB01=Groble ~ Death Clan Bonecaster

tagGrobleShamanHeroH01=Deshigu Chillbane
tagGrobleShamanHeroH02=Nabinok
tagGrobleShamanHeroH03=Nirlamnack ~ Reflective
tagGrobleHeroH01=Torgru, the Flametouched
tagGrobleHeroH02=Arbagol, the Shank
tagGrobleHeroH03=Uldagu Flame-Eater
tagGrobleHeroH04=Molbagdal Stormcaller
tagGrobleHeroH05=Holborack ~ Defender

#Harpy

tagEnemyHarpyA01=Harpy Flesh Ripper
tagEnemyHarpyB01=Harpy Death Wind
tagEnemyHarpyC01=Harpy Accursed Oracle

tagHarpyHeroH01=Malexna, the Stormweaver
tagHarpyHeroH02=Blazewing
tagHarpyHeroH03=Tyrronax, the Great Watcher
tagHarpyHeroH04=Scyliss, the Stormtouched ~ Electrified
tagHarpyHeroH05=Holdrexna, the Windwalker ~ Swift

tagHarpyBossB01=Lutra the Abandoned

#CreatureHarvestman

tagEnemyHarvestmanA01=
tagEnemyHarvestmanB01=
tagEnemyHarvestmanC01=

tagHarvestmanHeroH01=Nemedian, the Reaper
tagHarvestmanHeroH02=Effigus, the Infested
tagHarvestmanHeroH03=Asper ~ Swift
tagHarvestmanHeroH04=Crowfiend ~ Bruiser

#CreatureHuman

tagEnemyBloodswornA01=Bloodsworn Adulant
tagEnemyBloodswornB01=Bloodsworn Zealot
tagEnemyBloodswornC01=Bloodsworn Priest

tagHumanCultistHeroH01=Julius Crowley, the Mindbender
tagEnemyBloodswornMiniBoss01=Salazar, Blade of Ch'thon

tagEnemyHumanOutlaw_Wightmire_MeleeA01=Convict ~ Lackey
tagEnemyHumanOutlaw_Wightmire_MeleeB01=Convict ~ Thug
tagEnemyHumanOutlaw_Wightmire_MeleeB02=Convict ~ Brute
tagEnemyHumanOutlaw_Wightmire_MeleeB03=Convict ~ Sadist
tagEnemyHumanOutlaw_Wightmire_RangedA01=Convict ~ Gunman
tagEnemyHumanOutlaw_Wightmire_RangedB01=Convict ~ Skirmisher

tagEnemyHumanOutlaw_MeleeA01=Cronley's Gang ~ Lackey
tagEnemyHumanOutlaw_MeleeB01=Cronley's Gang ~ Thug
tagEnemyHumanOutlaw_MeleeB02=Cronley's Gang ~ Brute
tagEnemyHumanOutlaw_MeleeB03=Cronley's Gang ~ Sadist
tagEnemyHumanOutlaw_RangedA01=Cronley's Gang ~ Gunman
tagEnemyHumanOutlaw_RangedB01=Cronley's Gang ~ Skirmisher
tagEnemyHumanOutlaw_ArsonistC01=Cronley's Gang ~ Arsonist
tagEnemyHumanOutlaw_MurdererC01=Cronley's Gang ~ Murderer
tagEnemyHumanOutlaw_HereticC01=Cronley's Gang ~ Heretic

tagEnemyHumanOutlaw_AetherA01=Cronley's Gang ~ Chosen
tagEnemyHumanOutlaw_AetherA02=Cronley's Gang ~ Chosen
tagEnemyHumanOutlaw_AetherB01=Cronley's Gang ~ Destined
tagEnemyHumanOutlaw_AetherB02=Cronley's Gang ~ Champion
tagEnemyHumanOutlaw_AetherC01=Cronley's Gang ~ Ascended

tagHumanOutlawLeader01=Darius Cronley
tagHumanOutlawMiniBoss01=Edmund "Shanks" Doyle
tagHumanOutlawMiniBoss02=Silas "The Skinner"
tagHumanOutlawMiniBoss03=Dravko "The Torch"
tagHumanOutlawMiniBoss04="Madman" Wilcox
tagHumanOutlawMiniBoss05=Sleyvak "The Breaker"
tagHumanOutlawMiniBoss06="Boomer" Slocum
tagHumanOutlawMiniBoss07=Ashe "The Wall" Farrell
tagHumanOutlawMiniBoss08=Nicholas Balthazar

tagHumanOutlawHeroH01=Leander "Blackwater" Greene
tagHumanHeroH01=Bloody Jack
tagHumanHeroH02=Delnar Black Eye
tagHumanHeroH03=Hudson Fury
tagHumanHeroH04=Nadra, the Shadow
tagHumanHeroH05=Serul Shadesong
tagHumanHeroH06=Wiley, the Slasher ~ Swift
tagHumanHeroH07=Everett, the Bloodbound ~ Burning
tagHumanHeroH08=Dred One-Eye
tagHumanHeroH09=Meric Aether-Touched ~ Charger
tagHumanHeroH10=Eldon "Snakeskin" ~ Regenerator

tagHumanBoss01="Moneybags" Martin
tagHumanBoss02=Halion "The Rat"
tagHumanBoss03=Nicholas Balthazar
tagHumanBoss04=Boris, Master of the Pit

tagHumanRoverA_A01=Rover
tagHumanRoverA_B01=Rover Scout
tagHumanRoverA_C01=Rover Enforcer

#CreatureInsectDermapteran

tagEnemyDermapteranWarriorA01=Dermapteran Reaver
tagEnemyWeavilA01=Dermapteran Weavil

tagEnemySummonWeavilA01=Infestor

tagDermapteranHeroH01=Harpallax, the Suneater
tagDermapteranHeroH02=Corrosinax
tagDermapteranHeroH03=Wasparex ~ Swift
tagDermapteranHeroH04=Olmarix ~ Electrified

#CreatureInsectMosquito

tagEnemyInsectMosquitoA01=Mireborn Bloodgorger
tagEnemyInsectMosquitoB01=Mireborn Bloodfiend
tagEnemyInsectMosquitoC01=Mireborn Matriarch

tagInsectMosquitoHeroH01=Vladox, the Bloodletter
tagInsectMosquitoHeroH02=Sarlap ~ Electrified
tagInsectMosquitoHeroH03=Jornax, the Voracious ~ Swift

#CreatureInsectWasp

tagEnemyInsectWaspA01=Venomwing Drone
tagEnemyInsectWaspB01=Venomwing Stinger
tagEnemyInsectWaspC01=Venomwing Queen

tagInsectWaspHeroH01=Scarprax, the Frenzied
tagInsectWaspHeroH02=Caraprax ~ Defender
tagInsectWaspHeroH03=Harprax, the Queen's Will ~ Supporter
tagInsectWaspHeroH04=Ralkara ~ Regenerator
tagInsectWaspHeroH05=Folcrax ~ Frozen

tagInsectWaspBoss01=Ulraprax, the Hive Matriarch
tagInsectWaspBoss02=Ronaprax, the Grand Queen

#CreatureInsectSwarm

tagEnemyInsectSwarmA01=Devouring Swarm
tagEnemyInsectSwarmB01=Pestilent Swarm

tagEnemyInsectSwarm_PossessedA01=Possessed Swarm

tagInsectSwarmHeroH01=Issk, the Hive Mind
tagInsectSwarmHeroH02=Avarix ~ Electrified
tagInsectSwarmHeroH03=Omnol, the Blight ~ Diseased

#CreatureRaptor

tagEnemyRaptorA_JuvenileA01=Carrion Raptor ~ Hatchling
tagEnemyRaptorA_MeleeA01=Carrion Raptor ~ Hunter
tagEnemyRaptorA_RangedA01=Carrion Raptor ~ Screecher
tagEnemyRaptorA_ChampionA01=Carrion Raptor ~ Viper Lord

tagEnemyRaptorB_JuvenileA01=Wind Raptor ~ Juvenile
tagEnemyRaptorB_MeleeA01=Wind Raptor ~ Stalker
tagEnemyRaptorB_RangedA01=Wind Raptor ~ Assassin
tagEnemyRaptorB_ChampionA01=Wind Raptor ~ Sky Lord

tagRaptorHeroH01=Soulrend
tagRaptorHeroH02=Aragonax, the Spirit Eater
tagRaptorHeroH03=Baldim, the Chaosbringer
tagRaptorHeroH04=Bonesnarl ~ Unstoppable
tagRaptorHeroH05=Idran, the Anomaly ~ Regenerator

#CreatureRiftHound

tagEnemyRiftHoundA01=Rifthound
tagEnemyRiftHoundB01=Rifthound ~ Howler
tagEnemyRiftHoundC01=Rifthound ~ Azure Matriarch

tagEnemyPlanesHoundA01=Planeshound
tagEnemyPlanesHoundB01=Planeshound ~ Pack Leader

tagEnemyVoidHoundA01=Voidhound
tagEnemyVoidHoundB01=Voidhound ~ Pack Leader

tagRiftHoundHeroH01=Charrus
tagRiftHoundHeroH02=Plaguelord
tagRiftHoundHeroH03=Voidrage
tagRiftHoundHeroH04=Wolvin, the Inferno
tagRiftHoundHeroH05=Jarlax, Rage of the Swamp ~ Charger
tagRiftHoundHeroH06=Garn, the Packhunter ~ Defender

#CreatureScavenger

tagEnemyScavengerA01=Scavenger
tagEnemyScavengerB01=Frenzied Scavenger
tagEnemyScavengerC01=Scavenger Alpha

tagScavengerHeroH01=Scarsnout, the Cannibal
tagScavengerHeroH02=Bloodclaw
tagScavengerHeroH03=Whitemane, the Thunderstruck
tagScavengerHeroH04=Ernol Carrioneater ~ Diseased
tagScavengerHeroH05=Crimsontail ~ Supporter

#CreatureShadowman

tagEnemyShadowmanA01=Shadowman
tagEnemyShadowmanB01=Shadowman Deceiver
tagEnemyShadowmanC01=Shadowman Eidolon

#CreatureSkeletal Golem

tagEnemySkeletalGolemB01=Skeletal Gargantuan
tagEnemySkeletalGolemC01=Skeletal Monstrosity

tagSkeletalGolemHeroH01=Grulgor, the Tormented ~ Diseased
tagSkeletalGolemHeroH02=Falgarr, the Ice Watcher ~ Frozen
tagSkeletalGolemHeroH03=Bralgarr, the Flame Watcher ~ Burning

tagSkeletalGolemBossB01=Ilgorr, the Eternal

#CreatureSkeleton

tagEnemySkeletonA01=Skeletal Warrior
tagEnemySkeletonA02=Skeletal Archer
tagEnemySkeletonB01=Skeletal Deathbolt Archer
tagEnemySkeletonB02=Skeletal Knight
tagEnemySkeletonB03=Skeletal Priest
tagEnemySkeletonB04=Skeletal Warlock
tagEnemySkeletonC01=Flame Revenant
tagEnemySkeletonC02=Frost Revenant
tagEnemySkeletonC03=Storm Revenant
tagEnemySkeletonC04=Death Revenant

tagSkeletonHeroH01=Tenebris, the Blood Drinker
tagSkeletonHeroH02=Balrazar, Eternal Servant of Dreeg
tagSkeletonHeroH03=Lord Harris, the Damned
tagSkeletonHeroH04=Hellwraith ~ Burning
tagSkeletonHeroH05=Lord Alistar Hernsworth ~ Reflective
tagSkeletonHeroH06=Chillheart ~ Frozen

tagSkeletonBoss01=Kilrian, the Tainted Soul
tagSkeletonBoss02=Grand Priest Zarthuzellan
tagSkeletonBoss03=Shade of Elnadrin
tagSkeletonBoss04=High Priest Rolderathis

tagGravestone_Skeleton01=Robert
tagGravestone_Skeleton02=Rockford
tagGravestone_Skeleton03=Ryan

#CreatureSlith

tagEnemyDeepMire_SlithWarriorA01=Deepmire Warrior
tagEnemyDeepMire_SlithWarriorB01=Deepmire Vanguard
tagEnemyDeepMire_SlithWarriorC01=Deepmire Champion
tagEnemyDeepMire_SlithShamanB01=Deepmire Shaman
tagEnemyDeepMire_SlithShamanC01=Deepmire Evocator

tagEnemyVenomtongue_SlithWarriorA01=Venomtongue Warrior
tagEnemyVenomtongue_SlithWarriorB01=Venomtongue Vanguard
tagEnemyVenomtongue_SlithWarriorC01=Venomtongue Champion
tagEnemyVenomtongue_SlithShamanB01=Venomtongue Shaman
tagEnemyVenomtongue_SlithShamanC01=Venomtongue Evocator

tagEnemyBloodscale_SlithWarriorA01=Bloodscale Warrior
tagEnemyBloodscale_SlithWarriorB01=Bloodscale Vanguard
tagEnemyBloodscale_SlithWarriorC01=Bloodscale Champion
tagEnemyBloodscale_SlithShamanB01=Bloodscale Shaman
tagEnemyBloodscale_SlithShamanC01=Bloodscale Evocator

tagSlithHeroH01=Igrixx, the Rimeheart
tagSlithHeroH02=Jaron, Lord of the Storm
tagSlithHeroH03=Lorkhan, Lord of the Deep
tagSlithHeroH04=Farnlan, the Vile ~ Unstoppable
tagSlithHeroH05=Eidonax ~ Swift

tagSlithBossB01=Viloth, the Corruptor
tagSlithBossB02=Primordian, the Forgotten One

tagEnemyMurkTide_SlithWarriorA01=Murktide Warrior
tagEnemyMurkTide_SlithWarriorB01=Murktide Vanguard
tagEnemyMurkTide_SlithWarriorC01=Murktide Champion
tagEnemyMurkTide_SlithShamanB01=Murktide Shaman
tagEnemyMurkTide_SlithShamanC01=Murktide Evocator

#Spider

tagEnemySpiderA01=Dreadweave Arachnid
tagEnemySpiderA02=Dreadweave Spitter
tagEnemySpiderB01=Dreadweave Leaper
tagEnemySpiderB02=Dreadweave Widow
tagEnemySpiderC01=Dreadweave Matriarch
tagEnemySpiderSummon=Spiderling

tagSpiderHeroH01=Oldelon, the Molten
tagSpiderHeroH02=Raglis, the Leaper
tagSpiderHeroH03=Herna, the Dread Widow
tagSpiderHeroH04=Triinix, the Weaver
tagSpiderHeroH05=Larna, the Fateweaver ~ Shielded
tagSpiderHeroH06=Uldina, the Broodmother ~ Defender

#ThornedHorror

tagEnemyThornedHorrorA01=Briarthorn Horror
tagEnemyThornedHorrorB01=Briarthorn Terror
tagEnemyThornedHorrorC01=Briarthorn Monstrosity

tagThornedHorrorHeroH01=Terrolean, the Pandemonium
tagThornedHorrorHeroH02=Korplax, the Overgrown
tagThornedHorrorHeroH03=Blackthorn ~ Reflective
tagThornedHorrorHeroH04=Rotthorn ~ Diseased
tagThornedHorrorHeroH05=Everbark ~ Regenerator
tagThornedHorrorHeroH06=Rimebark ~ Frozen


#Traps

tagEnemyTrapA01=Flare Trap
tagEnemyTrapA02=Launcher Trap

#Trolls

tagEnemyTrollHalfA01=Mistborn Brute
tagEnemyTrollHalfA02=Mistborn Herder
tagEnemyTrollHalfB01=Mistborn Hunter
tagEnemyTrollHalfB02=Mistborn Warrior
tagEnemyTrollHalfB03=Mistborn Shaman
tagEnemyTrollHalfC01=Mistborn Elder

tagTrollHalfHeroH01=Balarr, the Rockeater
tagTrollHalfHeroH02=Paldrak, the Warmonger
tagTrollHalfHeroH03=Stonetooth ~ Defender
tagTrollHalfHeroH04=Elloras, the Sun-Eater ~ Burning

tagEnemyTrollA01=Stonewart Troll
tagEnemyTrollB01=Stonewart Rager
tagEnemyTrollC01=Stonewart Behemoth

tagTrollHeroH01=Uglak, the Immortal
tagTrollHeroH02=Surrlak, the Earthmover
tagTrollHeroH03=Troglak ~ Unstoppable
tagTrollHeroH04=Oldak, the Miasma ~ Diseased
tagTrollHeroH05=Wontlak ~ Frozen

tagBossTrollB01=Gulgoth, the Rampaging
tagBossTrollB02=Voldrak, the Destroyer


#Vultures

tagEnemyVultureSummon=Arkovian Rocktalon
tagEnemyVultureA01=Arkovian Rocktalon
tagEnemyVultureB01=Arkovian Plaguebeak

tagHeroVultureH01=Volaxna, the Bloodgorger
tagHeroVultureH02=Plaguewing ~ Diseased
tagHeroVultureH03=Harrowbeak ~ Unstoppable

#Worm

tagEnemyWormA01=Earthbreaker Burrower
tagEnemyWormB01=Earthbreaker Rotworm

tagWormHeroH01=Gravner, the Bile-Eater
tagWormHeroH02=Groundsplitter ~ Electrified
tagWormHeroH03=Stonespitter ~ Shielded

#CreatureZombie

tagEnemyZombieA01=Walking Dead
tagEnemyZombieB01=Wretcher
tagEnemyZombieC01=Fury
tagEnemyZombieD01=Cold One
tagEnemyZombieE01=Night Terror
tagEnemyZombieF01=Burning Dead
tagEnemyZombieG01=Plague Walker
tagEnemyZombieSoldierA01=Rotting Soldier
tagEnemyZombieSoldierB01=Rotting Emberguard
tagEnemyZombieBerserkerA01=Corpsefiend

tagEnemyZombieVoidA01=Ch'thonic Soulless

tagEnemyZombieMutatedA01=Fleshwarped Butcher
tagEnemyZombieMutatedB01=Fleshwarped Thrasher

tagZombieHeroH01=Abner, the Forsaken One
tagZombieHeroH02=Crimson Bane
tagZombieHeroH03=Gastris, the Foul
tagZombieHeroH04=Gilisten, the Reborn
tagZombieHeroH05=Bolvaris, the Glacierborn
tagZombieHeroH06=Aldanar, the Undying
tagZombieHeroH07=Gutripper ~ Unstoppable
tagZombieHeroH08=Teselon ~ Electrified
tagZombieHeroH09=Blightfeast ~ Charger
tagZombieHeroH10=Alrick Magefire

#CreatureZombieHound

tagEnemyZombieHoundA01=Tainted Hound
tagEnemyZombieHoundB01=Tainted Pack Leader

tagZombieHoundHeroH01=Gornax, the Nightmare
tagZombieHoundHeroH02=Sharn, the Cursed
tagZombieHoundHeroH03=Furz Venomdrinker ~ Supporter
tagZombieHoundHeroH04=Bloodhowl ~ Regenerator

#CreatureReanimator

tagEnemyReanimatorB01=Reanimator
tagEnemyReanimatorC01=Dominator

tagReanimatorHeroH01=Aethoran, the Plaguebearer ~ Diseased
tagReanimatorHeroH02=Gollorg, the Undiminished ~ Unstoppable
tagReanimatorHeroH03=Corpsefire ~ Reflective
tagReanimatorHeroH04=Azgalogg, the Corruptor ~ Defender

tagReanimatorBossH01=Gethrand, the Betrayed
tagReanimatorBossH02=Zanbrandt, the Ascended
tagReanimatorBossH03=Chilldread

#Pets

tagPetRavenA01=Great Raven
tagPetHellhoundA01=Hellhound
tagPetWhirlwindA01=Whirlwind

tagPetBladeSwarmA01=Blade Spirit

tagPetThermiteMineA01=Flare Mine
tagPetMortarTrapA01=Mortar Trap

tagItemFleshHulkA01=Flesh Hulk
tagItemGuardianA01=Stalwart Guardian
tagItemGuardianA02=Frenzied Guardian
tagItemAncestorA01=Ancestral Spirit
tagItemRevenantA01=Revenant of Og'Napesh
tagRelicStormhound=Stormhound
tagRelicNemesis=Nemesis
tagRelicSwarm=Swarmling

#EnemySummons

tagEnemySummonHellspawn=Hellspawn
tagEnemySummonChthonianMinion=Salazar's Harbinger
tagEnemySummonDariusAetherCrystal=Unstable Aether Formation
tagEnemySummonRifthound=Azure Rifthound

#Boss&Quest

tagQuestEnemyReanimator=Kyzogg the Reanimator
tagQuestEnemyMiltonHart=Milton Hart
tagQuestEnemyBanditForge=Outlaw Forge
tagQuestChthonianMonstrosity=Maga'Thel, the Unraveler

tagBossTheWarden01=The Warden

#Races

tagRace001=Undead
tagRace002=Beastkin
tagRace003=Aetherial
tagRace004=Chthonic
tagRace005=Aether Corruption
tagRace006=Bloodsworn
tagRace007=Eldritch
tagRace008=Insectoid
tagRace009=Human
tagRace010=Construct
tagRace011=Riftspawn
tagRace012=Beast
tagRace013=Magical
tagRace001P=Undead
tagRace002P=Beastkin
tagRace003P=Aetherials
tagRace004P=Chthonics
tagRace005P=Aether Corruptions
tagRace006P=Bloodsworn
tagRace007P=Eldritch
tagRace008P=Insectoids
tagRace009P=Humans
tagRace010P=Constructs
tagRace011P=Riftspawn
tagRace012P=Beasts
tagRace013P=Magical

